Hello hello
Hi, how are you? Man, and what's your name? My name is Andrew Finland, Andrew, and why are you here Andrew? I'm
here auditioning for American Idol should be fairly obvious
Right boy, okay, so like waiting around
Okay, I think you know why I was asking the question. What brought you here to audition. What brought me you to audition I?
Don't think it's that interesting of a question actually, but I think Andrew hey
I'm gonna just want you now if you want to carry on being a smartass you can leave the room
I'm not being a smartass either answer the questions okay leave okay. No. I'll answer the questions. I'm gonna answer your questions
I'm sorry first of all okay. What are you gonna think I'm gonna sing House of the Rising Sun
You know that song
I'm just okay. I do you are really pushing this no all right. I'm just gonna sing it. I'm sorry
I didn't mean to push any buttons all right
There is a house in New Orleans
It's called the Rising Sun
And it's been the
ruin of
Many poor boy and God I know I'm one
My mother was a tailor
She sewed
my new blue
jeans
my father
Was a gamblin man
Way down in New Orleans
Thank you, are you angry am I angry very on edge. Tell us what happened what happened
I just am on edge from waiting so what just from waiting
It's just you know the thing is you want to be in the music business?
But you don't want to wait to get into American Idol that to me seems to be a problem
And you know for you to have a bad
No no
I'm not reading it too far because you just told me that you're a little bit annoyed that you had to wait three hours
To come in here and get your shot when there are people that would wait
Years to do so so I am now angry at you who I don't like at all
Well why are you doing?
No, there's no problem at all I think that I don't know why you guys there's no problem. You walked in mm-hm very
Sulky quite rude very aggressive, and you've got very very bad energy oh
Man you do
let's have a little conversation about this I
Was trying to seem confident confident
I knew it you don't have to good to back it up. That's what I think is disappointment
I don't I don't I don't agree with you. I think I do have the goods to back it up. I'm still getting
Andrew now I'm sorry Victoria. No Mandy wasn't good enough today. Dog. No. I said yes, you're
Kidding
Kind of got to like except on I mean you have an attitude, but you're at least charming
Wait a minute you're being really vicious here, I'm sorry. I really don't like you
I don't know why but I'm not judging you in this way
There you're being awful right
Thank you see you later ladies
Okay
It's the first time I think I've heard someone sing
That never stayed on any melody
So to speak I can even tell what song that was after the first couple of bars
So I think that you have a pretty voice, but I think that you need a lot more vocal training well listen, sweetheart
I don't really care about your opinion
I really could care less because I'm 22 years old and I'm beautiful and I can sing so I really don't care what you think
Okay, I'm gonna be a star and you have my number, and if you change your mind. Give me a call
Whoa, maybe we've made a mistake
We've made a biggest are what's going on Jennifer
Not a lot ready to get my saying on you know you can't sing with gum in your mouth
Stick it on Taylor's face or something
No, it's cool. I got it today. I'm gonna be singing tenderoni. I want your love
Baby
Uh, I think you I think of you a million times a day
Baby, I cannot I cannot get you. I'll stop
And maybe I'm crazy, and it's always about you
Give me your love, baby and night
Give me your love give me your love
We're not gonna give you any love, baby don't want it. I like that answer
I don't think it's gonna help us to love ya. Can I keep on going no no no Jennifer?
The song was all over the place you were all over the place. It's a terrible audition
Pinioned on me none I did
Then why are you here pinioned on me none?
Then why are you here because you don't leave no stone unturned then why are you here? What do you know about music?
Why are you here? Why am I here? Yeah? Where are you here? I'm here to judge you so okay well
I'm here to sing. You don't know nothing we didn't I see singing that's the rule alright. Well. I really don't care
You don't know nothing about music. I heard you do a demo. I've known well
I wouldn't want to sound like you Jen about music. Okay. I like her sighing. I don't think you should have come here today
Okay, well that's your matter of opinion. It's a pretty good opinion. I say it's awful - you think it's awful - okay
two people who were wrong before would you do no no, I kind of like this girl's opinion here I
Mean like to releasing something else to showcase
In the world that's where it starts
Jennifer Jennifer please stop
Why don't you get a job down in the port? Why get a job why a job in the port when it's not what?
You know reporters a brain surgeon do yourself in the bottom I?
Love you, Jennifer. Thank you. You just made five seasons really straight for me howdy searching for hero
People need someone to look at ooh
Thank you
Brandi I don't think that you're a solo singer at all. I think I'm sorry. I don't feel that your solo singer
I don't feel that you have a solo singers voice
Why should I sing a whole lot better than you do and for you to tell me I'm he left Tanika Seneca
Welcome to American Idol smackdown
You're not standing here being judged by people about how you think you're not singing
Are you and for you to tell me that I need lessons?
Go to an audition where they lie to you, thank you very much indeed
Yeah, we're telling the truth, and you don't want to hear it oh that, thank you very much. Thank you
Powerful Lamar
Randy
Lamar man I got mad Luffy and man, but I was kind of torturous, man
I mean, I you know the pitch was all over the place. It was like
You
know I
Just don't think you're that good man, sweetie. Yeah, the more - you're 19 years old. I'm 20 okay 20
I'm not gonna say that you bet you're a terrible singer cuz you know maybe shockers out. That's not true
Are you good listener I am very good listener, okay, so listen to us for a second
It wasn't great. There's a voice in there somewhere you need to do a lot of work
I don't even know if you really for this level no no
Listen I asked if you were good listening you keep singing
I want to just share something with you
You have to find some humility in order to do this and pull back inside listen and stop trying to exalt yourself
And that's what you're doing you're running, so just need to do the work
You haven't done the work yet, so let's take a vote Lamar
No, I'm gonna say no cuz you're not ready a dog. I feel your passion, but see you're not even listening
Lamar we're trying to help you I
Can't sing no. We said nobody
Said that it wasn't great - they dog you're not ready for this level we're trying to find the best
We're trying to find the best you weren't the best
This is crazy
You